and good of the two days two days was
fellow great company a kid player
capered
play of 10
and little angel today had a partner a
number nine that was soda play duo
with soda soda and hair ideas
and little angel put it on 9 because he said
you will be able to play is not going to be good no
are you going to play it
and the peeling better player than technical
best player technician
it's not like I'm going to mix two things
what not
as a technician he has to wait to see
what the player's players do
defined of asia is the things
but it does not catch me every tantrum that in the
court because a cold guy
and I remember a game that against
platense he threw the black one side
on the jj I on the other and missed goals
the peeled and a moment insulted him and
it grabbed my stomach so insulting one
and he knows that he laughs and wakes me up
and I say
what happens how ends match equal of
pelado díaz at 45 the second time
And we decided
but a player of tito has been deployed
maybe he does not know the story I lived
in the powder magazines like that would also be
a great big pure kiss and he lived in a
home like we are suddenly not
I had floor had a bar floor and I talked to
patrick was not the leader added
and I told him to go see the way that
I was living that boy who is a
player who was going to give him many joys
and you can take it out
there are not 2 left
unfair you mentioned the chori
dominguez and cavenaghi
and two types of
above
but hey, they gave him stuff that
it moved the attitude when high that
descended ribéry was the so-called
we go there and all this gesture
my gesture makes me happy
good ones
does it mean they want institution me
fit here I had no doubt because
the one born in the club
in fact good is a gesture that
better is a friend talks a lot
very good because the gesture is that no
they came at age 35
in a heyday with laburo in europe's
earn more is very good they did the
true
to mark
I hate the way you can
I told you again and again if yes
latest
tells me
more than diego
to compare is one that we are
wrong if we compare
two different times in two stages in
life different
two different players
you have to enjoy it and the two Argentines
the two Argentines pride
They are two Argentines you have to enjoy it
surprised again and no wonder
for us the forwards of that
placed although it does not have a position
promptly like the one I had
he is a player that unbalances you is a
player that suddenly is very difficult to
for opposites find it
and he plays you at a speed and he plays you
with this game and know askance
suddenly where are the marquitos and if the
is going to pull throw to that angle that
angle
already has his eyes on the ball
because it 's very fucking prattling not
looking at the ball
and this environment when the
withdrawal to the foot with your foot
left and the machine guns